How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

diff -u <new_file> <old_file>

This command allows you to quickly see which lines of a file have changed between iterations. Assuming your code is well organized, spotting an error is much quicker after isolating the changes to a file. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having access to the entire change history allows easy reversion to working code
in the event a bug is introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Choosing when to save via commits allows each logical checkpoint in the code to be captured. When comparing files or reverting changes, it is easier to work
with deliberate commits. 

Auto-saving means non-working code that is in the process of being edited may be captured. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git saves multiple files in a single commit because finished code projects often involve multiple files. Programs like Google Docs, on the other hand, save files separately because they are designed to be general use text-editors. In this domain, most projects will be complete with only one file
.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Inside a repo, use git log to view all commits (don't forget to scroll down).
The newest commits will be at the top. 

Use git diff <id1> <id2> to see a detailed comparison between two commits. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Version control tracks a group of files complete change history. If mistakes are
introduced, code can easily be reverted to a previous version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I plan to use version control while building my first production Android App. 
